Once a true artificial intelligence has been
created, the issue of citizenship is going to come
up. If we acknowledge that the A.I. has all the
abilities of the human brain, should it not be
considered a citizen? Is it not, in the legal
sense of the word, a person, and thus a potential
citizen?

But where do you draw the line, some people will
object. Will the great apes become citizens?
Elephants? Whales? The more intelligent parrot
species? It's crazy, they will say. I would remind
these people that we live in a society in which a
corporation, as abstract an entity as one could
imagine, is considered a person. So it's not like
there is no precedent for a nonhuman being a person.
At least an artificial intelligence is an actual
thinking being, not just a business arragement.

But perhaps we do need to question the definition
of personhood. Increasing amounts of evidence
regarding the intelligence of elephants or the
existence of culture among whales, for example,
could be a sign that we need to answer some
difficult questions.
